# Airbnb-Hotel
Price prediction of Airbnb Hotel in Cities of USA
# Problem Statment
We had done the Price prediction of Airbnb Hotels in USA for host who want to open his hotel in USA and its helps host to identify the city where he wants to invest.

# Approach
First we gather the data of Airbnb Hotel from official site of Airbnb. So we have data of total 28 cities of USA. We merge the data on city column and check for shape of data which is about 2 lakhs of rows and 74 columns. So after checking the shape we looked for null values in data where we found out that some of the columns have more than 30% of null values and some rows are also have 30% of null value, so we remove those columns and rows. After removing columns and rows we left about 1.9lac rows and 68 columns. After that we going toward columns and study about all the columns who effect the more to our model after study we found that some of the columns are reluctant for price prediction so removes those columns after that we getting around 38 columns then we go towards the null imputation where we have imputed the null value with mean, median and mode. After Imputing the null values we check out the relation of columns with target variables and we see that which variable has more effect on target variable through heatmap. after this we transform the data and prepare the data for model building part. First we make our base model where we don't had good r2 score then we go back to eda part try to impute null values with other way then again we make our base model but still r2 score were not improved so much then we use other model where we get improved r2 score but not as much as we want to we try feature reduction method and finally we get R2 score around 70.
